Reading books
to be free--you're goin' way off yonder where we'll neber see ye anymore. you've saved me a good many whippins, platt; i'm glad you'regoin' to be free--but oh! de lord, de lord! what'll become of me?"i disengaged myself from her, and entered the carriage. the drivercracked his whip and away we rolled. i looked back and saw patsey,with drooping head, half reclining on the ground; mrs. epps was on thepiazza; uncle abram, and bob, and wiley, and aunt phebe stood by thegate, gazing after me. i waved my hand, but the carriage turned a bendof the bayou, hiding them from my eyes forever.we stopped a moment at carey's sugar house, where a great number ofslaves were at work, such an establishment being a curiosity to anorthern man. epps dashed by us on horseback at full speed--on theway, as we learned next day, to the "pine woods," to see william ford,who had brought me into the country.tuesday, the fourth of january, epps and his counsel, the hon. h.taylor, northup, waddill, the judge and sher

e was lost among thedistant inequalities of the ice.  this appearance excited ourunqualified wonder.  we were, as we believed, many hundred miles fromany land; but this apparition seemed to denote that it was not, inreality, so distant as we had supposed.  shut in, however, by ice, itwas impossible to follow his track, which we had observed with thegreatest attention.  about two hours after this occurrence we heard theground sea, and before night the ice broke and freed our ship.  we,however, lay to until the morning, fearing to encounter in the darkthose large loose masses which float about after the breaking up of theice.  i profited of this time to rest for a few hours.in the morning, however, as soon as it was light, i went upon deck andfound all the sailors busy on one side of the vessel, apparentlytalking to someone in the sea.  it was, in fact, a sledge, like that wehad seen before, which had drifted towards us in the night on a largefragment of ice.  only one dog remained alive

gets beat.  then ithought a minute, and says to myself, hold on; spose youd a done rightand give jim up, would you felt better than what you do now?  no, saysi, id feel bad--id feel just the same way i do now.  well, then, saysi, whats the use you learning to do right when its troublesome to doright and aint no trouble to do wrong, and the wages is just the same? i was stuck.  i couldnt answer that.  so i reckoned i wouldnt botherno more about it, but after this always do whichever come handiest atthe time.i went into the wigwam; jim warnt there.  i looked all around; hewarnt anywhere.  i says:jim!here i is, huck.  is dey out o sight yit?  dont talk loud.he was in the river under the stern oar, with just his nose out.  i toldhim they were out of sight, so he come aboard.  he says:i was a-listenin to all de talk, en i slips into de river en was gwyneto shove for sho if dey come aboard.  den i was gwyne to swim to deraf agin when dey was gone.  but lawsy, how you did fool em, huck! dat w

 thought you might be able to give me an answer.that is all.  i was going through the park last sunday, and close bythe marble arch there stood a little crowd of shabby-looking peoplelistening to some vulgar street-preacher. as i passed by, i heard theman yelling out that question to his audience.  it struck me as beingrather dramatic.  london is very rich in curious effects of that kind.a wet sunday, an uncouth christian in a mackintosh, a ring of sicklywhite faces under a broken roof of dripping umbrellas, and a wonderfulphrase flung into the air by shrill hysterical lips--it was really verygood in its way, quite a suggestion.  i thought of telling the prophetthat art had a soul, but that man had not.  i am afraid, however, hewould not have understood me.""don't, harry.  the soul is a terrible reality.  it can be bought, andsold, and bartered away.  it can be poisoned, or made perfect.  thereis a soul in each one of us.  i know it.""do you feel quite sure of that, dorian?""quite sure

t without abhorrence.""we will not quarrel for the greater share of blame annexed to thatevening," said elizabeth. "the conduct of neither, if strictly examined,will be irreproachable; but since then, we have both, i hope, improvedin civility.""i cannot be so easily reconciled to myself. the recollection of what ithen said, of my conduct, my manners, my expressions during the whole ofit, is now, and has been many months, inexpressibly painful to me. yourreproof, so well applied, i shall never forget: had you behaved in amore gentlemanlike manner.' those were your words. you know not, you canscarcely conceive, how they have tortured me;--though it was some time,i confess, before i was reasonable enough to allow their justice.""i was certainly very far from expecting them to make so strong animpression. i had not the smallest idea of their being ever felt in sucha way.""i can easily believe it. you thought me then devoid of every properfeeling, i am sure you did. the turn of your counten

over me. who were these german people, and what werethey doing living in this strange, out-of-the-way place? andwhere was the place? i was ten miles or so from eyford, that wasall i knew, but whether north, south, east, or west i had noidea. for that matter, reading, and possibly other large towns,were within that radius, so the place might not be so secluded,after all. yet it was quite certain, from the absolute stillness,that we were in the country. i paced up and down the room,humming a tune under my breath to keep up my spirits and feelingthat i was thoroughly earning my fifty-guinea fee."suddenly, without any preliminary sound in the midst of theutter stillness, the door of my room swung slowly open. the womanwas standing in the aperture, the darkness of the hall behindher, the yellow light from my lamp beating upon her eager andbeautiful face. i could see at a glance that she was sick withfear, and the sight sent a chill to my own heart. she held up oneshaking finger to warn me t

, too.she began to soften; she felt sorry. her eyes watered a little, and sheput her hand on tom's head and said gently:"i was meaning for the best, tom. and, tom, it did do you good."tom looked up in her face with just a perceptible twinkle peepingthrough his gravity."i know you was meaning for the best, aunty, and so was i with peter. itdone him good, too. i never see him get around so since--""oh, go long with you, tom, before you aggravate me again. and you tryand see if you can't be a good boy, for once, and you needn't take anymore medicine."tom reached school ahead of time. it was noticed that this strange thinghad been occurring every day latterly. and now, as usual of late,he hung about the gate of the schoolyard instead of playing with hiscomrades. he was sick, he said, and he looked it. he tried to seem tobe looking everywhere but whither he really was looking--down the road.presently jeff thatcher hove in sight, and tom's face lighted; he gazeda moment, and then turned sorr

